hi guys today I'm going to show you how
to create this Daisy hope you enjoyed
the video you will need these kinds of
cutters to create these turn your cutter
around and put your fondant on top of it
once you've done that press it down and
take your rolling pin and roll your
fondant on top just like that then once
you've created that pull the fondant
away from the cutter release the fondant
and then you're using a tool just press
down all your thumb transfer it to your
mat and then using this tool you're
going to press it down transfer your
flower to a little cup like this if you
do not have these cups you can also use
a egg container and then put it aside in
order to do the middle what you will
need is this type of mold it's very
simple put a little bit of cornstarch in
the middle use a little bit of the
yellow fondant press down and release
and then you get if you do not have this
mold what you will do is basically just
shape a round ball with your yellow
fondant press it down create this kind
of shape and then using any sharp tool
even a toothpick create little creases
like this all the way around and then
you will get the same effect take some
edible green powder and brush it on your
piece put a little bit of water
in the middle of your Daisy glue your
piece and again just brush a little bit
in the middle and that's it I hope you
enjoyed the video